Update changelog and docs for the new platforms (#324)
osohq/oso: docs/download.rst

            $ pip install oso=={release}

>         The python version is known to work on glibc based distributions but not on musl based ones (like apline).
>         Wheels built against musl that you can use on alpine can be downloaded from the `Release <https://github.com/osohq/oso/releases/latest>`_ on Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The Python version is known to work on glibc-based distributions but not on musl-based ones (like Alpine Linux).
        Wheels built against musl that you can use on Alpine Linux can be downloaded from `the releases page on GitHub <https://github.com/osohq/oso/releases/latest>`_.
```
